FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS ABOUT THE WEATHER UTILITY

Copyright (c) 2006 Jeremy Stanley <fungi@yuggoth.org>, all rights reserved.
Licensed per terms in the LICENSE file distributed with this software.


1. Can I help?
 
Sure! Bug reports and feature suggestions are always welcome, but
fixes and patches are of course preferred. Contact
fungi@yuggoth.org if desired, but please read this FAQ and the
included manuals for weather(1) and weatherrc(5) before asking
questions that might be answered therein. One big way anyone can
help is to provide me with some additional mappings of METAR
station ID, city name and state abbreviation for inclusion in the
default /etc/weatherrc file.


2. How do I figure out my local METAR station ID?

The list of stations is found at
http://weather.noaa.gov/data/nsd_cccc.gz (it's thousands of lines
long, so I recommend keyword searching in your browser or using
grep(1) to find what you're looking for).


3. How do I figure out my local city name and state abbreviation?

The forecasts can be located starting from
http://weather.noaa.gov/pub/data/forecasts/city/ (choose the
state abbreviation to get to a list of cities in that state).


4. I live outside the USA--can this be made to work for me
anyway?

If you have any recommendations for similar forecast data in
other countries, I will be happy to try and find a way to
integrate it into the weather utility, but I suspect that some
serious modification would be necessary given that the data is
likely to be published in a non-English language, requiring some
additional input from speakers of that language for how to handle
filtering and formatting of the text.


5. I get a warning when using apt-get to install on Debian Etch
or later...

If you're getting a warning from apt-get update like:

   W: GPG error: http://fungi.yuggoth.org ./ Release: The
      following signatures couldn't be verified because the
      public key is not available: NO_PUBKEY 29ABF7441FB84657

...it means my PGP key is not recognized by apt-get. Since this
isn't an official Debian package repository, the Release.gpg
file can't be signed by a key on the default keyring. To add my
personal key to the list of trusted package repository Release
signers, run (as root):

   finger fungi@yuggoth.org | apt-key add -

...or if you want to be a little paranoid, retrieve it from a
public keyserver instead (all one line):

   wget -O- "http://subkeys.pgp.net:11371/pks
   /lookup?op=get&search=0x29ABF7441FB84657" | apt-key add -

Though if you're really, truly paranoid, you'll re-write the
program from scratch anyway, right?

