==============================================================
 Basic Unix Installation Instructions for the Weather Utility
==============================================================

:Copyright: (c) 2006-2012 Jeremy Stanley <fungi@yuggoth.org>. Permission
            to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software is
            granted under terms provided in the LICENSE file distributed
            with this software.

.. contents::

Prerequisites
-------------
You need the Python interpreter installed somewhere in your path (most
modern UNIX derivatives come with one already). If you need to get
Python, it can be obtained from http://www.python.org/ but chances are
your operating system at least provides some sort of native package for
it, which you should probably install in whatever means is recommended
by your OS vendor/distributor. The script is tested with recent 2.x and
3.x Python versions, attempting to maintain forward/backward
compatability with the interpreter, so bug reports or patches to ensure
this continues to be the case are most welcome.

Running in Place
----------------
An easy way to try it out is to unpack the tarball and change to the
resulting directory::

   tar xzf weather-*.tar.gz
   cd weather-*
   ./weather --version
   ./weather --help
   man ./weather.1
   man ./weatherrc.5
   ./weather --forecast rdu
   ./weather clt gso

...and so on. The weather utility, included Python module and
documentation are all fully functional when kept together in one
directory, without needing to install these components to other
locations within the filesystem hierarchy.

Installing the Utility
----------------------
The file named weather should be made executable and put somewhere in
your path (/usr/local/bin/ or ~/bin/ for example). Similarly, weather.py
needs to be somewhere in Python's include path. You can see your Python
interpreter's default include path by running::

   python -c 'import sys ; print(sys.path)'

If the correlation data files are to be used (airports, places,
stations, zctas, zones), they need to be in your current working
directory or a directory mentioned within the "default" section's
"datapath" option of the weatherrc file.

Configuration
-------------
The weatherrc file should go in /etc/ or /etc/weather/ for global
configuration. You can save it in your home directory as a dotfile
(~/.weather/weatherrc or ~/.weatherrc) to support user-specific alias
configuration and overrides of the global weatherrc file.

Manuals
-------
Optionally, the weather.1 and weatherrc.5 files can be placed in sane
locations for TROFF/NROFF manual files on your system (for example,
/usr/local/share/man/ or ~/man/).
