=================
 Weather License
=================

The weather project employs the ISC license, a permissive free software
license written by the Internet Systems Consortium and functionally
equivalent to the 2-clause BSD license. Initially used for the ISC's own
software releases, it has since become the preferred license of many
other projects.

The correlation data provided is augmented by manual research but built
primarily by aggregating sources within the USA Public Domain (U.S.
Census Bureau Gazetteer and publications of the National Oceanic and
Atmospheric Administration's National Climatic Data Center and National
Weather Service including its National Centers for Environmental
Prediction and Office of Science and Technology/Systems Engineering
Center Geographic Information Systems Map Group). Copies of the original
external data sources have been provided with this software for
reference, but are not covered by the copyright or permission notices
which follow.

Copyright Notice
----------------
Copyright (c) 2006-2021 Jeremy Stanley <fungi@yuggoth.org>

Permission Notice
-----------------
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

Disclaimer
----------
The software is provided "as is" and the author disclaims all warranties
with regard to this software including all implied warranties of
merchantability and fitness. In no event shall the author be liable for
any special, direct, indirect, or consequential damages or any damages
whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether in an
action of contract, negligence or other tortious action, arising out of
or in connection with the use or performance of this software.
