GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE WEATHER UTILITY

Copyright (c) 2006 Jeremy Stanley <fungi@yuggoth.org>, all rights reserved.
Licensed per terms in the LICENSE file distributed with this software.


WHAT?

This command-line utility is intended to provide quick access to
current weather conditions and forecasts. Presently, it is
capable of returning data for localities throughout the USA by
retrieving and formatting decoded METARs (Meteorological
Aerodrome Reports) from NOAA (the National Oceanic and
Atmospheric Administration) and forecasts from the NWS (National
Weather Service). The tool is written to function in the same
spirit as other command-line informational utilities like cal(1),
calendar(1) and dict(1). It can retrieve arbitrary weather data
via specific command-line switches (station ID, city, state), or
aliases can be configured system wide and on a per-user basis. It
can be freely used and redistributed under the terms of the BSD
License.


WHY?

My girlfriend has a long commute to/from work and school, and
often wants to check the weather both for home and her office.
Unfortunately, starting a Web browser, pulling up a weather site,
entering multiple ZIP codes and waiting for them to load is
time-consuming for the marginally-impatient. Since she tends to
stay logged into a shell server most of the time, I figured I'd
install a quick command-line tool to retrieve weather info for
her commute, but to my surprise, a quick search turned up little
that met my basic requirements:

  * retrieve current data on-demand
  * provide both current conditions and short-term forecasts
  * simple, human-readable output
  * easy to configure and use
  * flexible command-line switches and options


WHERE?

A tarball for the most recent version of the weather utility can
be had here:

   http://fungi.yuggoth.org/weather/src/

Alternatively, Debian Etch (testing) and Sid (unstable) users can
install the weather-util package from any mirror.

